feat: Add CTAP 2.2 authenticatorSelection (0x0B) API, docs, sample, and tests (#480)
Yubico/Yubico.NET.SDK: docs/users-manual/application-fido2/apdu/authenticator-selection.md

That means the command information is in the Data.

The data consists of the CTAP Command Byte. In this case, the CTAP
Command Byte is `0B`, which is the command "`authenticatorSelection`".
There are no command parameters.

### Response APDU info

#### Response APDU for a successful selection

Total Length: 2\
Data Length: 0

|   Data    | SW1 | SW2 |
|:---------:|:---:|:---:|
| (no data) | 90  | 00  |

#### Response APDU when the command is not supported

If the authenticator does not implement `authenticatorSelection`, it
may return `CTAP1_ERR_INVALID_COMMAND` (`0x01`).

Total Length: 2\
Data Length: 0

|   Data    | SW1 | SW2 |
|:---------:|:---:|:---:|
| (no data) | 6F  | 01  |

#### Response APDU when the YubiKey times out

This happens when the user does not touch the contact within the timeout
period.

Total Length: 2\
Data Length: 0

|   Data    | SW1 | SW2 |
|:---------:|:---:|:---:|
| (no data) | 6F  | 2F  |

#### Response APDU when user presence is denied

This happens when user presence (UP) is explicitly denied.

Total Length: 2\
Data Length: 0

|   Data    | SW1 | SW2 |
|:---------:|:---:|:---:|
| (no data) | 6F  | 27  |

> > [!NOTE]
> > On the YubiKey, the only user affordance is touch to approve, or no touch until the
> > operation times out. There is no separate deny or cancel control on the security key
> > itself, so when the user does not complete UP you will usually see
> > `CTAP2_ERR_USER_ACTION_TIMEOUT`, not an explicit denial. `CTAP2_ERR_OPERATION_DENIED`
> > may be returned if the user engages a platform dialog to cancel the request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [!NOTE]
> On the YubiKey, the user can either touch the key to select it or wait for the
> operation to time out—there is no separate deny or cancel control on the security key
> itself. When the user does not complete UP you will usually see
> `CTAP2_ERR_USER_ACTION_TIMEOUT`. However, `CTAP2_ERR_OPERATION_DENIED`
> may be returned if the user engages a platform dialog to cancel the request.
```

Reviewer: So would the platform dialog be sending the CTAPHID_CANCEL (0x11) command?

Reviewer 2: @equijano21 yes, in the SDK-backed flow the cancellation is represented on the wire as `CTAPHID_CANCEL (0x11)`, but the app/platform dialog should not construct that HID packet directly.

The path is:

- `TryAuthenticatorSelection` starts the `authenticatorSelection` command and creates a `TouchFingerprintTask` for the touch request.
- `TouchFingerprintTask` exposes `KeyEntryData.SignalUserCancel` to the caller and registers its query-cancel callback through `ICancelConnection.LoadQueryCancel`.
- If the application/dialog wants to cancel that pending touch operation, it calls `SignalUserCancel`.
- While the HID FIDO transport is receiving keepalive packets, `FidoTransform` observes that cancellation state and sends `CTAPHID_CANCEL (0x11)` on the same HID channel.

So for the sample/app model, the dialog action is “call `SignalUserCancel`”; the SDK turns that into `CTAPHID_CANCEL`. If an app is using some other WebAuthn/platform stack outside this SDK, that stack owns how it sends cancellation.

I updated the PR to make this more explicit and executable:

- the sample now runs one `Fido2Session` per HID FIDO device concurrently;
- each worker captures its `SignalUserCancel` delegate from the `TouchRequest`;
- the first touched authenticator wins;
- the non-selected sessions are canceled by invoking those captured delegates;
- the sample waits for the canceled workers to drain and prints the selected serial.

We also manually validated this with two connected YubiKeys: both entered selection concurrently, touching one selected it, and the other exited via the SDK-managed cancel path rather than by waiting for timeout. The API remarks and FIDO2 docs now describe this `SignalUserCancel -> CTAPHID_CANCEL (0x11)` behavior.
